15-Minute Calls: Accountability groups made easy
 
Ok, I'll admit it. I'm not the most organized person. Emails go unanswered, projects get left idle for months
and my to-do list sometimes seems frozen in time. One of the best structures I've found for getting out of a rut is
the accountability group. It's a simple concept: get a few motivated people together to support each other in getting
projects done.
 
Over the last six months I've been participating in regular short accountability calls with three other people. 
And for the most part, it's been great! It's helped me stay organized and focused on what's important to me.
 
However, accountability groups have two major drawbacks. First, they're difficult to get started. Second, 
they seem to fade away fairly quickly. Finding a dedicated group that's available and committed to making the 
calls is a challenge. Life happens: schedules shift, emergencies come up and pretty soon the accountability 
group slips away, often without anyone even acknowledging that it's gone.
 
I was in that position a couple months ago. My group was slowly drifting apart. I thought about what I could 
do to bring more people into it.  As I asked around I found that a lot of people were interested, but finding someone
whose schedule matched up with our existing call was difficult.

Over the course of a few weeks I came up with an idea I felt could solve several problems at once. I could build a 
software system to handle hundreds of accountability calls automatically.  Members could pick and choose which 
times worked for them and the software would match them up with others who were available at that time.  Problem solved!
 
That system has now been built, and it’s called 15-Minute Calls (www.15minutecalls.com). Here's how it works:
    1. Become one of the invite-only beta members
    2. Enter a few goals or a project that you're working on into your member profile
    3. Pick a few times during the week you're available for a short accountability call.
 
That's it! Once you're set up, the system will call you and connect you with two other members. Your team will 
have a total of 15 minutes, during which each person checks in and members support each other in reaching their 
daily and weekly goals. The call ends promptly and automatically after 15 minutes.

Now that the site is built, I'm reaching out to my community to take it to the next level.  During the beta release, the
service is free. SOME CALL TO ACTION HERE.

